Update detect_bad_channels docs (#2783)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/modules/preprocessing.rst

approach to detect bad channels with abnormally high power and the :code:`coherence+psd` method (introduced by [IBL_spikesorting]_),
which detects bad channels looking at both coherence with other channels and PSD power in the high-frequency range.

> Note: This function must be run one probe at a time if multiple probes are present in a recording (see `Processing a Recording by Channel Group <https://spikeinterface.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how_to/process_by_channel_group.html?highlight=split_by>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The :code:`coherence+psd` method must be run on individual probes/shanks separately since it uses the coherence of the signal across the depth of the probe. See `Processing a Recording by Channel Group <https://spikeinterface.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how_to/process_by_channel_group.html?highlight=split_by>`_ for more information.
```

Reviewer: @zm711 @RobertoDF I think this is more accurate :)
